Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Angela?
Nicole:
All I'm saying is we
can do this the easy way.
or we can do this
the hard way.
We prefer to do
it the easy way.
Kyle:
I'd take the deal.
It's a win‐win.
Counsel:
My client did nothing wrong.
Therefore. we're
not interested
in your offer.
Client:
Besides. it's crap.
Your client scammed
my client out of
millions of dollars.
and we can prove it.
If you take this deal.
we'll settle for
half the money.
and our client won't
press charges.
Counsel:
Yeah.
That's not gonna happen.
Guess we're doing
this the hard way.
This is an email
from your client
detailing the scam
to his buddy. John.
Could have been doctored.
Nicole:
These are photos
of your client
meeting with his
co‐conspirator. Alex.
who. oh. did I not
mention this part?
Is waiting in the
office upstairs
and has already agreed
to plead guilty to all
charges.
Kyle:
And testify against
your client.
No bid deal.
And finally.
bank statements.
$12 million to the
Cayman Islands.
Okay. okay.
I get it.
I'll take the deal.
The deal?
Oh.
Oh. I'm sorry.
The deal is no
longer on the table.
Kyle:
We did!
Boom!
You did it
again. Nicole.
My Padawan has
become a Jedi.
I'm proud of you.
Thanks. Obi‐Wan!
You were pretty great.
too. for a wingman.
Ooh!
Ouch.
Well. I'm gonna make sure
Glenn and the other partners
know about your nailing this.
Who knows.
you might just be
the youngest partner
this firm has ever seen.
Well thanks for
always believing.
Kyle:
Of course.
See you.
I'll see you. too.
Joe:
Nicole!
I really didn't think we'd
ever get that money back.
Thank you.
That's what we're here for.
Look. I know it's a long shot.
but we're looking for in
house counsel at the company.
Of course we can't pay you
what they do at the firm.
but I can offer you stock.
great benefits.
I promise never to
call you on a weekend.
What do you think?
I'm flattered. really.
but my path is with the firm.
Maybe talk to me in 10 years?
It was worth a shot.
Always.
Good morning.
‐Good morning.
Morning. Padma.
Morning. Ange.
Hey!
The new strategist
just popped by
and is wondering if he
can come in and say hi.
Oh. yes!
Please. send him in.
Oh. hi!
Hey.
‐Hello!
Michael Langdon.
I wanted to introduce
myself to you in person.
I'm gonna be working with you
on the new Quencher campaign.
Angela:
Oh. I'm‐I'm Angela.
It's a pleasure.
Please. have a seat.
You have a lovely office.
Thank you.
So. where did you come from?
Well I'm originally
from New Orleans.
but I assume you mean my
last company I was at.
Creative Arts Lab.
Oh. that's a great team.
Why'd you leave?
Well. I went to
business school. Stanford.
Angela:
Impressive!
With such a great pedigree.
why exactly did you decide
to come back to advertising?
Well. I‐I love it.
It's creative.
uh. strategic.
The people are fun.
I want to start my
own firm one day.
Well. I will definitely enjoy
working with you
until you do.
If you have any questions.
don't be a stranger.
Oh. I won't.
Okay.
Michael: Thank you.
‐Thank you.
Oh. and. uh‐
Congratulations.
Angela:
Thank you.
What did I tell you?
Angela:
Ooh. if I wasn't married.
Partner?
Oh my goodness. Nicole.
that is incredible!
Rick:
Nice!
Well. okay. let's not
get our hopes up.
It may not even
be a reality yet.
My little sister.
the big fancy lawyer.
Now we just need to find
you a suitable husband.
Oh. don't even go there!
What?
Dating is normal.
Not dating is not normal.
When is the last time
you've been out with a man
or even out with your friends?
I'm here. aren't I?
Yes. and you are so
amazing with Ryan.
Don't you want kids
of your own someday?
I get it. you're
focused on your career.
and I am in awe of how
hard you work. but‐
I'm proof you
can have it all.
You've been out of
the game for 10 years.
You have no idea what
it's like out there.
These apps. Angela.
There's guys without shirts
sending disgusting photos.
selling teeth whitener
on Instagram.
Wow.
Nicole:
Believe me. being
single's a blessing.
You just need to find
someone who's on your level.
Maybe.
Angela:
You need someone
who isn't gonna be
intimidated by your ambition.
And the pickings
are indeed slim.
I think I have found
the perfect guy for you.
Oh no. what have you done?
Oh. nothing yet.
Nicole:
I cannot believe you
convinced me to come here.
What? You love art.
Besides. you are gonna thank
me on your wedding day.
Although. I did kinda
have to tell him
it was a work thing
to get him to come.
So he doesn't know
he's being set up?
Or that I'm not his co‐worker?
Not exactly.
I'm sorry.
I‐I cannot believe I
left work early for this.
Listen. I swear I don't
know where everybody is.
I said we were meeting
at eight o'clock.
I must have gotten it wrong.
Baby brain.
But listen. Michael.
have you met Nicole?
Nicole. Michael.
Rick. come over
here with me.
I want to show you this
artist that I'm dying to hire.
Really. Angela?
All right.
Well. it's nice to meet you.
So?
What do you think of Michael?
Rick:
He's fine. I guess.
But he was kinda rude
to the bartender.
Hm.
‐Yeah. he didn't leave a tip.
Maybe he was just
short on change.
For a guy who wears a Rolex.
he seems kinda insecure.
You did not get
1600 on your SAT!
I don't know what to
tell you. but I did.
That is almost
statistically impossible.
And yet it is
statistically possible.
I know that because
I did that.
What'd you get. 1590?
No.
‐ You got 1590. didn't you?
See. I beat you by 10 points.
and you're mad.
Look at you.
‐ No. I'm not.
You're competitive. huh?
Nicole:
I'm not competitive.
Okay. I'm a
little competitive.
Michael:
I can see it.
Nicole:
But. actually. I'm impressed.
I don't really meet guys
who are as driven as I am.
Oh.
Well I don't meet women
who are as driven as I am.
Would you say that
we're equally driven?
Or that I'm more or less
driven than you are?
Probably more. right?
It's close.
It's as close as
1590 is to 1600.
Michael:
How 'bout I call
you sometime?
Take you out on a real date?
I think I'd like that.
You sure?
Nicole: Yeah.
‐ Okay. good.
Chai tea latte half
syrup with almond milk.
Just the way you like it.
What are you doing here?
I thought you had a thing.
Wait.
You're beaming.
Did you get a new job?
No.
But I did meet someone.
Wow!
Miss Independent met a guy!
And who. pray tell.
has managed to meet
your extremely rigid
and impossibly
high standards?
It's early.
I don't want to jinx it
so I'm just gonna say
he's a handsome Stanford MBA
who works with my sister.
Kyle:
Really?
Well I won't believe he's real
until I meet him in person.
But I am glad you're here.
because I also have
some exciting news.
Ooh. did Kyle Jr. pass
his Muay Thai test?
Kyle:
Uh. no. he got
kicked in the head.
But. I did talk with Glenn.
He was really impressed
with your last outcome.
and if you land
Capital Ventures as a client.
I bet he makes you partner.
You're joking.
Kyle:
No pressure.
We just have to ace the
pitch dinner with them.
Oh my god.
Oh my god. oh my god.
oh my god!
You didn't‐
You didn't hear that from me.
Nicole:
Maybe my sister was right.
Maybe I can have it all.
Hey. Angela.
you got a minute?
Hey. Michael!
Of course!
What's up?
I got that brief for
the Quencher account.
Thought you might want
to take a look at it.
Quencher? That pitch
is months away.
Too eager?
I'm sorry. I get a little
obsessive when I got an idea.
I can come back in a
few weeks if you want.
Angela:
No.
No. no. no worries.
I like you taking
the initiative.
so let's see what you got.
Michael:
Here you go.
Okay. let's see.
So‐
Thank you.
Michael:
All right.
Now. Quencher's really
trying to reach Generation Z
with this next campaign.
Now unlike Millennials.
these kids are very cognizant
of the detrimental
effects their cellphones
and social media
is having on them.
They make a concerted
effort to carve out time
for person to
person interaction.
Okay. so we do a campaign
about friends
sharing a Quencher.
No phones. no screen time.
just good
old‐fashioned conversation.
It's old school.
I like it.
I think it's the way to go.
Angela:
Okay. Well. I'll have the design
team work on the mock ups.
and as soon as they're ready.
Padma will call your
assistant and let you know.
I'm actually still
interviewing for that position.
You think you can have Padma
reach out to me directly.
Oh. Will do.
Okay.
Is that a picture
of you and Nicole?
Yeah!
You guys always
been so close?
Yeah. we have.
She has always been
taller than me
even though I'm
the big sister.
She's really.
really protective.
I think it's sweet the way you
two look out for each other.
Angela:
Yes. it is.
So. don't you screw it up.
Noted.
Though I have no intentions
of that happening.
Angela:
Good.
All right. I'm gonna
get outta here.
I got a meeting.
Okay. thank you. Micheal.
‐No problem.
Angela:
Whew!
Is that one of our
spokesmodels?
No. that was Michael.
our new strategist.
Wow.
I can't keep track
of them all.
Turnover's so high.
Got a minute?
‐Absolutely. come on in.
Nicole Brooks.
Answering your
phone on a weekday.
I didn't think you
had it in you.
Well. you never know when
a client might be calling.
Michael:
True.
That is true.
So. um‐
As I promised.
how do you feel about going
out on a proper dinner date?
What if I told you I
had a better idea?
All right. I'm listening.
Now this I did not
expect out of you.
I'm still getting
past the fact
that you're an
actual gun owner.
Is that weird?
'Cause shooting helps
me relieve stress.
Please don't think I'm crazy.
No. no. no.
you're not crazy.
It's not weird.
Nicole: No?
I'm actually a little
turned on by it.
Okay. well let's see if
you can return the favour.
Oh. I can return the favour.
I am a favour returner.
You ready?
‐ Mmhm.
That's embarrassing.
At least you hit the target.
Oh. you're loving this.
ain't you?
Being the best?
A little.
‐Yeah.
All right. watch this.
Hold on.
Okay.
Oh.
Michael:
Man. I'm only getting worse.
It's okay.
‐I think it's the gun.
Mm. I don't know.
But it's okay.
I still like you.
I like you too.
Do you like food?
Do you like to eat?
Of course.
Michael:
I got reservations
at Beast Friday night.
Come with me.
Beast?
Isn't that Michelin starred?
How'd you manage that?
Well I might not
be good with a gun.
but I got other skills.
Okay. I see you.
I wouldn't miss it.
Good.
Excuse me.
Want the scorecard?
Nicole:
Ooh!
I think that's my
first bullseye.
Um. hello?
No. this is not your
first bullseye.
I got the 10.
Kyle:
Okay. so. we need to
convince these execs
that their current firm is
blowing it by playing it safe.
That's why they're losing.
They need to be
more aggressive.
That's my specialty.
That's what I'm counting on.
Oh. by the way. they moved the
dinner up to tomorrow night.
Great!
Uh. wait. shoot.
Kyle:
What's up?
I made plans with Michael.
But it's fine.
he'll understand.
Kyle:
Sorry.
I had to cancel plans too.
with my wife's best friend
and her husband.
Darn.
‐Mm.
It‐it's fine.
This is more
important obviously.
Kyle:
Kinda and your partnership
may be riding on it.
Exactly.
It looks great.
I mean. it's good.
But the logo.
Can we use a font that's a
little bit more youthful?
You know. make it pop.
This is the new generation.
We want that to come through.
Angela:
I'm not mad at that.
I'll definitely give the
design team that note.
So. on another note.
how are things
going with Nicole?
Michael:
Really well.
Your sister's one
in a million.
She's full of surprises.
Angela:
For sure.
She hasn't made you
meet her for one of those
early morning breakfasts
that she loves?
No. not yet.
But I'm an early riser.
so that works for me.
Angela:
No thank you!
I believe in sleep!
You know. she's a
workout fanatic.
She gets up at like 4:30.
5:00 to workout.
She says. "A fit brain is
a smart brain. Angie."
Well that's not so bad.
I mean. if you wake up.
roll out of bed and
workout and home.
Angela:
No.
She goes down to that
health club Zenith downtown.
I'm just so
happy that I'm pregnant
so she cannot drag
me along with her.
Michael:
Okay. well. um‐
I'm gonna‐
I'm gonna get outta your hair.
Why don't you relax.
kick your feet up and. um‐
Why don't you put some
heat on that back of yours.
Another great idea.
Thank you. Michael!
Hey. cutie.
I just left a meeting
with your sister.
It's obvious brains
run in your family.
And don't you forget it.
I hope you're working
up an appetite.
I can't wait for our
date tomorrow night.
About that‐
I'm going to have
to cancel it
because my very important
new client meeting
got moved to tomorrow night.
Michael?
Are you there?
I am so sorry!
I was so looking forward
to seeing you and the food.
Can I take a rain check?
Listen. I'm not gonna
say I'm not disappointed.
Do you have any idea
how difficult it is
to get reservations at
Beast on a Friday night?
But. uh‐
I guess with you I'm learning
that work comes first.
Well in this case yes.
but I still feel
awful bailing on you.
What about the weekend?
You know what. why don't
we play it by ear.
I'll let you know
when I'm free.
Good luck tomorrow night.
What was that?
Angela:
You blew him off?
Nicole:
He wasn't angry.
but it was uncomfortable.
Angela:
Oh my goodness.
Nicole:
Work will always
come first for me.
Beast or no Beast.
Why'd you?
He‐he was taking
you to the Beast?
Are you serious?
Damn. I would've been
pissed at you too.
Do you know it is impossible
to get reservations there?
Oh. so you're taking
his side now?
We went on two dates.
Be my sister.
I am your sister.
I am team Nicole.
I'm just saying. I would
feel some kinda way too
if a guy always blew
me off for work.
What is this "always" stuff?
Oh!
With you it's always always.
And at some point you are
going to have to find balance.
I mean. no matter
who you're dating.
Well. there may be
nothing to balance.
I'm pretty sure I
might have blown it.
Oh no. really?
Yeah. he seemed fairly
non‐committal after I cancelled.
It was weird.
But‐
I barely know him. so
maybe it's for the best.
He's just such a nice guy.
I mean. have you checked
his social media?
Do you guys have
any mutual friends?
Ange?
You know I hate doing that.
I pry enough into my
client's lives at work.
I need to trust my instincts
in my personal life.
Hm!
Okay.
Uh uh. And don't
you even dare!
Fine.
But do you remember
how horrible my first
date was with Rick?
Huh?
Crazy!
And do you remember
who encouraged me
to give him another chance.
Okay.
Yes. you.
And it was the best decision
that I've ever made.
All I'm saying is why not
give him another chance?
Do something nice for him.
Make him feel like he matters.
All right.
Yay!
Nicole:
I'll think about it.
Right after I've landed
this partnership.
Okay.
Mmhm.
‐Okay.
Michael?
Nicole.
What are you doing downtown?
I thought you
lived in Whittier.
Well I have a meeting with a
client early this morning.
and I had a couple
passes to this gym.
so I decided to come
by for a workout.
What do they say?
"A fit brain brain is a"‐
"Smart one"?
‐Yeah.
Yeah. so very true.
All right. well it's
good to see you.
I'm gonna get back
to this workout.
Okay.
Hey. Michael?
Mmhm?
Um‐
I'm really sorry about
flaking on tonight.
My client's dinner
is at Nique.
which is right beside
my favourite bar.
Maybe we can grab a drink?
I'll either be celebrating
or drowning my sorrows.
Yeah. I'd love that.
And I'm sorry about
the way I acted.
I. uh‐
I was just really looking
forward to spending time
with you and the food.
Well. I hate to leave.
but I can't be late
for this meeting.
Yeah.
‐ Yeah.
I'll text you later
about tonight?
Michael:
All right. can't wait.
And. uh. good luck
on your dinner.
Knock 'em dead.
Thanks.
Nicole:
Hey!
Hey there!
Look at you!
Good to see you too.
Oh!
‐Some vino.
Thank you.
Cheers.
Nicole:
Hey hot stuff!
Hey. there she is.
‐Hey.
How did it go?
Oh. we killed it.
They loved our take no
prisoners trial strategy.
and they're already
sending over the paperwork.
All right. well let's have a
couple of drinks to celebrate.
Here you go. guys.
‐Okay.
Oh!
These look deadly.
Manhattan.
Here's to Nicole.
for being a legal badass.
And here's to
you. Michael.
for ordering us these
delicious drinks.
I feel like I'm so overdressed.
No. you look good.
You're like a single
accessory away
from being an
absolute masterpiece.
Thank you.
Um. well in that case‐
Let me just add a
little something.
Mmm.
What do you think?
I think you're beautiful.
Thank you.
It's vintage Hermes.
I bought it with my first
paycheck at the firm.
It's one of my most
treasured possessions.
Well you definitely
have exquisite taste.
Thank you.
You want to get a table?
Yeah. let's do it.
‐Okay.
Michael:
So what was the guy like?
What guy?
The guy that you were
out for dinner with.
Why would you assume
that the client was a man?
I'll have you know our new
high stakes clients are women.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I shouldn't assume.
No. you shouldn't.
Well. there is one guy.
Okay.
Yeah. who's that?
His name is Kyle.
He's my work husband
and he's great.
He's so great.
Your work husband?
Yeah.
Oops. that went quickly.
Yeah. maybe you shouldn't
have had a drink before dinner.
How'd you know I had
a drink before dinner?
You know.
Clients are never on time.
Oh. it's so true.
It's so true.
Are you with me right now?
‐Yeah I am. I'm good.
How many fingers?
I'm gonna have
to get you home.
I'm good.
Michael:
You really can
hold your liquor.
Nicole:
Yeah. Yeah. I can.
Okay.
Of course I'm fine.
‐All right. just checking.
Well.
This is you?
Yeah.
Michael:
It's cute.
Oh. let me get that.
Well. thank you for
escorting me home.
Oh. of course.
I'm a gentleman.
Mm. I hope not too
much of a gentleman.
What are you saying?
Watch your step.
Nicole:
Yup.
Someone's had a weekend.
Life is just really
beautiful sometimes. you know?
Kyle:
Uh‐
sure.
Unless your dog decides to
get into a midnight rumble
with a skunk.
That's tragic.
Kyle:
Mmhm.
So why's your life
so beautiful?
I spent the entire
weekend with Michael.
I think we're on our way
to becoming a couple.
Officially.
Congratulations.
Look at you.
Abandoning your work husband.
falling into lust.
making partner.
You really do have it
all going on. don't you?
Making partner?
What did you hear?
Let's just say the
company's throwing
an impromptu party tonight
to celebrate the new
contract you just won them.
You might want to be there
because there might
be an announcement.
Oh and you know what?
You should bring. um‐
your official guy.
I'm sure everyone would
love to meet him.
His name is Michael.
Kyle:
Michael.
Nicole:
And maybe I will.
Wow.
Wow. wow. wow. wow. wow.
wow. wow. wow. wow. wow.
I love being so
ahead of the game.
You know. your laser focus
is rubbing off on me.
I will definitely run
this up the chain.
Maybe since we're so far ahead
we should just wait for the
official campaign dates.
Angela:
Don't you want to show
people what you're capable of?
Yeah. of course.
Yeah. no. you're right.
you're right.
Angela:
So?
How was your weekend?
Uh. it was good.
Your sister is
some kind of lady.
I love new love!
It's just so magical and
full of hope and excitement.
Everything okay
with you and Rick?
Huh?
Yeah. we're good.
Just being nostalgic.
You know. things get
hectic when you have kids.
That's what I hear.
‐Yeah.
What does Rick do exactly?
He's a stay at home dad.
and he's developing an app.
Wow.
‐ Mmhmm.
Stay at home dad.
I'd be worried about Rick
and those stay at home moms.
Oh. no. no. no.
That's not Rick's style.
Well if you ever
are concerned.
you can always check his cell
phone's locations history.
What?
Yeah.
Check this out.
I heard about this website
called snoggle.timeout.com.
Just punch it into somebody's
phone or their computer.
The map on his phone is
linked to his email accounts.
It's honestly a little
creepy and invasive.
Michael:
It's not a breach of trust.
It's just a new way to keep
track of your loved ones.
Hm.
Know what I mean?
‐Really? Oh. okay.
Well. I'll keep that in mind.
Thank you.
‐It's the future.
Oh. um‐
Yeah. I'm late.
I gotta meet your
sister for lunch.
I gotta get outta here.
Oh. well you guys have fun.
‐Okay.
since high school.
Have you always been
such a hopeless romantic?
I think I'm just inspired.
Come to my cabin.
You have a cabin?
Yeah.
Yeah. it's nothing fancy.
but it's‐
It's super private.
It's a little bit rustic.
I'm down with rustic.
‐Okay.
Want to get on
the jungle gym?
Yeah. let's do it.
I'll race you there!
Angela:
You know. I had this weird
moment with Michael today
at work.
Mixing too much
business with family?
No. no.
He‐he pulled out
his cellphone
and showed me this weird
location tracker thing.
So. did you know that if you're
logged into someone's email
you can track
their every move?
Yeah. it's pretty
much common practice
in modern
relationships I'm afraid.
Angela:
Really?
Rick:
Yeah.
That just sounds creepy to me.
I'm so happy that
I'm not dating.
Do you think he's using it?
I hope not.
You think I should
tell Nicole?
I think that your sister
finally has a good thing going.
And Michael was probably
just trying to impress you.
I wouldn't read too
much into this.
So‐
You just think I'm. um. being‐
Overprotective?
Overprotective.
Now can we please stop
talking about Michael?
Yes.
Glenn:
May I have your
attention. please?
To Nicole Brooks.
youngest lawyer ever
to make partner
at Royston. Carter. and Klein.
Congratulations.
To Nicole!
All:
Thank you.
Woooo!
Nicole?
‐Thank you so much.
Cheers.
‐Cheers.
Glenn:
Congrats.
Lisa:
So‐
You must be Nicole's guy.
It's so nice to meet you.
I'm Lisa.
Nice to meet you too. Lisa.
You must be something
special to catch Nicole's eye.
Ah‐
She has the toughest
standards imaginable.
Did you know she once
created a riddle?
Okay. I couldn't even begin
to tell you how to solve it.
but in order for anyone
to go out with her.
they had to solve this riddle.
And it was amazing because
she knew no one would solve it.
you know. except that
one special someone.
Did she make you
solve the riddle?
Michael?
Michael!
‐Hm?
Yeah. What?
Are you sure we
haven't met before?
You look so familiar to me.
Um. I don't think so.
I think I just have one
of those faces. you know?
Yeah.
You do have one
of those faces.
Yeah.
Lisa:
You know what?
You look just like my
friend's sister's boyfriend.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
But you know. he's a
little bit taller than you.
That's the only difference.
Oh. okay.
‐That's the only difference.
But you know‐
‐Sounds like a good guy.
Kyle:
You shouldn't be
nervous tonight.
Hi. Michael!
Um. this is my work
husband. Kyle.
Hey.
We spend way too
much time together.
Yeah. just ask my other wife.
Ah. that's funny.
that's a good one.
Um. you wanna get outta here?
What? It's only 8:00.
Can we stay for a little bit?
Yeah it's her big
night after all. It‐
Yeah. no. I‐I know.
I'm just not feeling.
feeling good at all.
Oh no. are you okay?
I think it was something
in the crab cakes. Um‐
Kyle:
Ooh.
Michael:
I don't know.
You know what?
You stay. I'm gonna go. okay?
Nicole:
No. no. no. no.
I'll go too.
I should probably quit
while I'm ahead anyway
now that I'm partner.
Um. but we're gonna take off.
Okay. yeah.
‐Okay?
Bye.
‐See you tomorrow.
Hey. congratulations. partner.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
I'll see you around.
‐Yeah. nice to meet you.
Man. I thought life would get
easier after making partner.
but it's just work
on top of work.
Which never ends and only
gets worse and then you die.
But at least we'll
die together.
I don't know how you
juggle this with a family.
Me either.
So?
What did you think of Michael?
Pretty great. right?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
He seems great.
It's too bad you guys
had to leave early.
How's he feeling?
Oh. fine.
Turns out it was
a false alarm.
Really?
Nicole:
Yeah.
Angela:
Ah. one down.
another to go.
What does E‐Bank want?
Michael:
Campaign for savings.
What's the deal with Kyle?
Kyle?
Michael:
Yeah. Nicole's work husband.
What's his deal?
Angela:
You know. they absolutely
enjoy working together.
The feeling's mutual.
But I was thinking. what if‐
How long have they
been working together?
Well. since Nicole
started working there.
But I'm pretty sure
he's happily married.
Pretty sure?
Angela:
Okay. honestly. look.
I don't know him like that.
However. he's been
amazing to Nicole.
What are we gonna
do for E‐Bank?
Oh. right. yeah.
I‐I came here to tell you
that I'm revising
the brief right now.
I'll come back
when it's ready.
Oh. okay.
Hey.
Do you remember that photo
that I had over there?
Yeah. it was cute.
Um. I haven't been
able to find it.
Have you seen it?
No. I haven't but I'll
keep an eye out for it.
Okay. Thank you.
No problem.
Hey. Padma.
Michael:
Hey. Rod!
How you doin'. man?
Hey. Michael!
How's it going. man?
Michael: Good!
‐Nice to see you.
Michael:
Good to see you.
Rod:
Ah. you didn't have to.
Oh. you're not that good.
Hey. did you catch
the game tonight?
Ah. disaster.
Brutal!
But don't worry. they're
gonna turn it around.
Trust me. I got a feeling.
I hope
you're okay. man.
Have a good night.
Take care.
Hello!
‐Hello.
Hi. Oh!
‐ These are for you.
Thank you.
That's so sweet.
Come in. come in.
That was incredible.
I can't believe you
did all this for me.
Well. I thought tonight
should be special.
Oh yeah?
I got you something.
What'd you get me?
I'm a little nervous.
Open it.
You're giving me a key?
Well. a drawer couldn't
fit in the box. so‐
Wow.
I hope I'm not being
too presumptuous.
Is it too soon?
No. no. no. no. no. no.
It's perfect.
And I want to
give you one too.
As soon as my renos are done.
you got a key.
Nicole:
More wine?
Please.
I have to be honest.
There is another reason why I
wanted tonight to be perfect.
And why is that?
Because I can't make it
to the cabin this weekend.
What?
I'm so sorry.
It's just becoming a
partner is way more intense
than I thought it would
be and I'm so bogged down.
It's just for two days.
I mean‐
You need to get away.
I need to get away.
I know. but I'm
really overwhelmed.
We have a huge meeting
with the clients on Monday.
and the trial's next week.
Okay. Well. why don't you
bring your work to the cabin.
and you can work
on it there.
Well unfortunately we have
a lot of preparing to do.
and I need to be
in the office.
We?
Who "we"?
Me and Kyle.
Oh. okay.
Yeah. I understand.
It's a very exciting
week for you.
I get it.
You sure you're
okay with this?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks.
Yeah.
Here.
Nicole:
I should be really
happy right now.
I made partner.
I have a gorgeous.
successful boyfriend
who somewhat
supports my career.
So why am I still feeling
like something's missing?
Because life isn't
a fairy tale.
and we can both agree that
you strive for perfection.
I know. but something was
off about Michael last night.
I just can't put
my finger on it.
He was excited about the key‐
Angela:
The key?
Oh ho! Wow!
Aren't we moving fast?
Maybe.
You know. I've never
seen his place?
He always has some
excuse to come to mine.
Is that weird?
Angela:
Well. I mean most
guys would rather
sleep on their
girlfriend's clean sheets.
You know. he kinda shut down
when I put off
our weekend away
because Kyle and I needed
to focus on the trial.
You don't think he's
jealous of Kyle do you?
He did ask me how
long the two of you
have been working together.
But listen. Nicole.
You are going to have to
get out of your own way
if you want to make room
for love in your life.
Maybe this is just your
way of finding fault
to convince yourself.
I just have more work
to do now than ever.
If I'm a partner
I need to be
concentrating on that.
If I'm unsure about
Michael at all.
he's just a distraction
at this point.
A very good looking
distraction. but‐
Yeah.
Maybe I should put
on the brakes.
Well. work is definitely
gonna be awkward.
but. you know. listen.
whatever you decide.
I will support you.
I'll shift him over to
another creator director.
He was becoming
my secret weapon.
And I was enjoying the view.
I gotta admit.
it was fun.
But I really think I should
tell him how I'm feeling.
Well. just let me
know how it goes.
Nicole:
Hey. Michael.
Hey. babe. I was just
wrapping things up.
How's it going?
Um. busy.
And just about to
have some dinner.
Okay. you got enough for two?
Nicole:
Um‐
Yeah. listen Michael.
I don't know
how to say this
but I think maybe we need
to slow things down.
What'd you say?
Nicole:
Just take a break.
I just have a lot going
on at work right now.
and this trial
is so consuming.
I still have so much
to prove. you know?
Youngest partner ever.
it's a lot of pressure.
So you think I'm
holding you back?
No. not at all.
I just. I can't make you
a priority right now.
And you deserve that.
Is this about the key?
What? No!
Although I do think I
jumped the gun on that.
Oh. yeah. no. don't worry.
I'm a give it back to you.
So. what. this is
about Kyle then?
Kyle? Are you serious?
You know. I knew there was
something going on with you two.
Okay. first of all. Kyle
is like a brother to me.
so to insinuate
otherwise is crazy.
Where is this coming from?
Like. I'm sorry. but you are
completely out of line and‐
Okay. well that went well.
Hey. Ben. do you
have a minute?
Yeah. of course. Angela.
What's up?
Okay.
So. I was wondering
if you could maybe
rearrange the
teams a little bit
and move Michael
to a different CD.
Ah. who's Michael again?
Michael. he. um. is
the new strategist.
the one you thought
looked like a model.
all handsome.
‐Oh. right!
Yeah.
‐Is there a problem?
No. no. no. no. no. no.
There isn't a problem.
He's actually great.
Um. it's more of
a personal thing.
a conflict of interest.
I kinda introduced him
to my sister and eh‐
Say no more.
I'll talk to Steph.
see what she can do.
Thank you.
And I'm so appreciative.
And I promise I'm not
trying to be difficult.
Hey. you've more than
earned the right
to be difficult. Angela.
Thank you.
Nicole:
Okay. so this proves
they went into the deal
with the intent to
defraud our clients.
Exactly.
We hammer them on that.
They'll be boxed in.
Okay. I‐
I like that. Good.
Hey.
We're gonna do great.
I know. I'm just feeling
a little out of my depth
with this trial work.
Listen.
Glenn wouldn't have
put you on this
if he didn't think
you were up for it.
Besides. no one's gonna
be looking at anyone
but the handsome First Chair.
Oh. yeah.
You know what.
we should take lunch.
I gotta meet my wife.
Do you want to come with?
You can call Michael
and make it a foursome?
Oh. actually.
we're on a break.
Kyle:
Oh. really?
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I just need to focus on this.
Okay. well in that case.
we'll celebrate tomorrow
after I dazzle everyone
with our opening statements.
I'm gonna hold you to that.
Give my love to Cindy.
Kyle:
Always do.
Cindy:
Hey. babe!
How's your day?
Um. Padma could you come
here for a moment please?
What up. boss?
Angela:
Michael doesn't
know this yet.
but I've asked Ben to move him
off of my campaigns if possible.
Can I ask why?
Nicole is having
some reservations.
so she's decided to put
the brakes on things.
I felt it was prudent to
separate business and personal.
I always knew he was too
good looking to be true.
Anyway. can you please. um. call
his assistant and reschedule
the meeting we were supposed
to have for tomorrow?
Sure but he doesn't even
have an assistant yet.
I'm still scheduling
through him.
Seriously?
What's his extension?
Ah. he's still using
his cellphone.
apparently some
mixup with IT.
Okay.
Well. please schedule
with him however you can.
Will do boss.
Owner:
Yeah. well. no. I
ordered a part.
it's a water pump.
could take a week.
maybe two.
Yeah.
Listen. I'll. uh. I'll give
you a call back. all right?
Yeah. bye.
Hey.
‐Hey. uh‐
Lookin' to get an oil change.
Owner:
Yeah. sure.
I'm gonna probably need
to keep it overnight.
Michael:
Any chance I can
get a loaner?
Yeah. sure.
Licence. please.
Yeah.
Thank you.
All right.
Just sign here.
Do you have keys?
Oh yeah.
‐ Yeah.
All right. William.
you're all set
with a loaner.
It's the grey one out there.
Just return it by
noon tomorrow.
All right.
Thanks. buddy.
Yeah.
Kyle:
I'm certain that
you will agree
that $10 million is a fair
and accurate compensation.
Thank you.
Perfection.
You make it seem
so effortless.
Well. I need my beauty sleep.
and I think we've done
all we can do tonight.
Music to my ears.
I'll meet you at quarter
to eight. right?
Kyle:
Mm.
You're taking that with you?
Yeah. I just want to
take a final look
at everything again.
Of course you are.
Oh. promise me you'll
get some rest.
I promise.
Shoot.
I just remembered
I promised Glenn
I'd send him a brief
on the Bowman account.
Are you serious?
Go on. get outta here.
But I can wait.
No. no. absolutely not.
It‐it may take a while.
I just may not be
glowing tomorrow.
Okay. if you insist.
I'll see you
bright and early.
Good night.
What happened?
Oh my god!
Kyle. you're awake!
Where's Cindy?
Nicole:
Oh. she's taking the
kids to your sister's.
She'll be back soon.
Why do I feel like I've
been T‐boned by a train?
It was a hit and run
in our parking garage.
We don't know much else.
because someone tampered
with the security cameras.
Was somebody waiting for me?
I don't know. but maybe this
has to do with the trial?
Oh god. the trial.
Nicole:
Yeah. they pushed
it to tomorrow.
Yeah. I'm no doctor.
but something tells me I'm
not gonna by 100% by then.
One day is all the
judge would give us.
even with Glenn's influence.
You'll have to take over.
Nicole:
I'm too green with trial.
They pulled in Beth.
Kyle:
You know this
case inside out.
Beth isn't gonna be able to
learn it in time for opening.
It needs to be you.
You know that.
I'm gonna go get the nurse.
P.A. Announcement:
Dr. Bruce. telephone please.
Michael:
Hey. Nicole!
How you doin'?
Michael? What are
you doing here?
I heard about Kyle.
Nicole:
How did you even
hear about that?
I brought flowers.
Thanks. I'll go
give them to Kyle.
Michael:
No no. they're not for him.
they're for you.
Michael‐
‐ Listen.
I'm sorry I was a jerk
about the cabin thing.
I'm sorry I was a
jerk about Kyle.
Just forgive me.
I'll make it up to you.
all right?
Do you not understand
the seriousness
of what's going on here?
Yeah. that's why I
got you flowers.
How can you not see how
inappropriate this is?
Kyle almost died and
you're at the hospital
trying to win me back?
How can you be so
smart and so stupid?
I don't want these.
I don't want us.
You and me.
we're not a thing.
So please just go home!
Angela:
Oh.
Hey. honey.
how are you?
How's Kyle?
Nicole:
He woke up. thank God.
I'm headed to work shortly.
I can't believe I have to
keep going with this trial.
I'm not sure I can do this.
Angela:
That's understandable.
Have you even slept?
And I'm concerned about you
if someone targeted Kyle.
You mean is there a
maniac on the loose
trying to affect the
outcome of the trial?
Don't worry about me.
Glenn's hiring
security just in case.
That's a relief.
Speaking of crazy.
guess who showed up
at the hospital.
Angela:
Who?
Michael.
What?
How?
Nicole:
It was creepy actually.
How did I miss this?
It's like he won't
take no for an answer.
Angela:
Okay.
Okay. you know what.
that is not okay.
Do you want me
to talk to him?
'Cause I will hammer
home the point.
No. it's okay.
I don't want to make things
weird for you at work.
It's the least I can do.
I helped get you
in this mess.
I have to help get you out.
Nicole:
Okay. thanks.
Um. I gotta go.
Love you. bye.
‐ Bye.
Glenn:
Are you sure you can handle
opening statements. Nicole?
The clients are
counting on us.
Yes. 100%. I got it.
Glenn:
I know I'm going
out on a limb.
but. uh. you've never
let me down before.
Besides that'll give Beth time
to get up to speed on the case.
I know it's not ideal but‐
do you have the casework?
Got it.
Great. I'll let
you two get at it.
Hi.
Where do you think
we should start?
Which section have you
been working on so far?
Hey. Angela. you
wanted to see me?
Angela:
Michael. come on in.
sit down.
So. I just wanted to check on
you with everything going on.
I'm really sorry that you
and Nicole didn't work out.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
thanks for asking.
She tell you I went
to the hospital?
She did.
And that was probably
not the right time
for a romantic gesture.
You know. I don't know
what I did wrong.
You know. I just
wanted to let her know
that I was always
thinking about her.
that I was there for her.
Right now. Nicole just
needs to focus on her career.
and she doesn't have time
for anything or anyone else.
Do you get that?
Yeah. of course. sure.
Yeah.
Don't you think you
deserve someone
who has more time for you?
Nicole is just the type of girl
that is married to her career
and there's nothing that
you or I can say or do
to change that.
Thank you. Angela.
That's really helpful.
Yeah.
Padma:
Hey.
I just wanted to remind you
of your 11:00 a. m.
conference call.
I'm so sorry.
I have to take that.
No. that's fine.
I have a meeting
downtown anyway.
Thank you again.
I really appreciate it.
No problem.
You know you don't really
have a conference call. right?
Angela:
I know.
Thank you.
What did you say his
last job was again?
Um. Creative Arts Lab.
Okay.
I'm glad that's done.
Nicole:
And that is why you'll
see that $10 million
is a fair and
accurate compensation.
Thank you.
You have done it
a million times.
Trust me. Nicole.
you're gonna be great.
Maybe I should run it again.
add back in that part
about gross compensation?
Maybe you should
get some sleep.
Have you slept at all
since Kyle's accident?
No. not really.
Come on.
Let's get outta here.
If you say so.
Can you drive her please?
She's borderline delirious.
Hey. do you want me
to take the brief?
Uh. I got it. really.
I just want to review
it one more time.
Thanks. Beth.
See you tomorrow.
Goodnight.
Thank you very much.
Nicole:
Thank you. thank you.
Security:
Okay. have a good night.
Thank you so much.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Michael?
Thank god. Man. you had me
scared there for a minute.
I scared you?
You scared me!
Sorry. I was trying to be quiet.
I know it's late.
But what are you doing here?
I thought you and
Nicole broke up?
Oh. yeah. yeah.
We did.
I'm just here to pick
up a few things.
She's working all
hours of the night
ever since she became partner.
you know?
Isn't that the truth.
Nice seeing you. man.
Take care.
Yeah. you too.
What?
Oh my god. oh my god.
Oh no.
Oh my god.
Hi! Um‐
When I got out of
my car last night.
did I leave the
brief in there?
No‐
Okay. are you sure
it's not in the car?
Okay.
Okay. thanks.
No. no. no. no. no.
Breathe.
Why is this happening to me?
Oh my god.
Hey. Padma.
‐ Hey.
Just dropping these
files off for Angela
before heading uptown.
Okay. I'll make
sure she gets them.
Michael:
Okay.
Padma:
Do you need me to
validate your parking?
My
car's in the shop.
I rideshared here today.
But thank you.
Padma:
All right.
All right. take care.
Ah. it's almost done.
Hey. do you guys. uh‐
buy cars too?
Yeah. sometimes.
Why. you want to
sell the Beamer?
Well what can I get for it?
It's a couple years old.
I could give you
20 grand for it.
20 grand. cash?
Cash is king.
She's all yours.
Owner:
It's all there.
Michael:
Thanks. buddy.
Glenn:
What do you mean
you can't find it?
Nicole:
I'm sorry.
I was tired.
I don't know. I must
have left it somewhere.
Beth:
What about the
security guy's car?
I saw you get in
the car with it.
I called.
He couldn't find it.
Glenn:
Does Kyle have
the backup files?
Of course!
But wouldn't we have to
reveal the security breach?
Read the opposing counsel's
disclosure documents?
That's right.
If we can't locate the brief.
then we have to
inform the judge.
and if the judge doesn't
dismiss the case outright
and the defendants
don't waive time.
we have no choice
but to move forward.
You've left me no choice.
Beth. starting tomorrow
you'll take over the case.
Get onto Kyle's computer
and get everything you
can off the server.
And as far as the disclosure
docs are concerned.
you're gonna
have to wing it.
You're pulling me
from the case?
I'm firing you. Nicole.
We'll be lucky if our
reputation survives this!
He
fired you?
I almost died yesterday.
That's cold.
Nicole:
Well I pretty much
torpedoed the case.
And the company. so‐
Who knows. you might be
out of a job soon too.
Well I didn't really
like that job anyway.
Oh god.
Come on‐
Whiskey?
What is this?
Really?
I'm unemployed now.
Oh my god.
I'm unemployed now!
Oh. hey. hey. hey. hey.
No. no. no. come on.
Hey. come on. it's okay.
Kyle:
I'm sure he's just panicking.
Ten bucks says he
calls you tomorrow
and begs you to come back.
Come on. look at me.
You gonna share some
of that whiskey?
Only a little.
Oh yeah. there we go.
With the meds and all.
Just a little bit.
Just give me a little more.
Come on. what are you.
my mother?
Come on.
Nicole:
You're gonna get
me in trouble.
More.
I might as well just
give you the rest.
Nicole:
I got fired. Angela.
They let me go.
Angela:
What?
What happened?
Nicole:
I messed up and lost
the trial brief.
This is so humiliating.
What am I gonna do?
Angela:
Oh sweetie.
I am so. so sorry.
Where are you?
Do you need to
come over here?
No. it's okay.
I'm at the hospital
with Kyle.
I'm just gonna stay here
until I have to pack
up my stuff tomorrow.
I can come get you right now.
No. I'm fine.
Unless. of course.
Michael shows up again
with more flowers.
Angela:
Listen. don't joke
about that. okay?
Rick says you need to
talk to your neighbour Rod
and tell him that Michael is
not welcome there anymore.
We need as many sets of
eyes on you as possible.
Nicole:
Angela. do you really
think he's that unstable?
I mean. yeah. the whole
flower thing was a bit crazy.
but I can't imagine him
wanting to hurt anyone.
I just think he can't
handle rejection.
Honestly. listen.
Michael is about
two seconds off
of boiling bunnies in
your kitchen. okay?
So can you please
talk to Rod?
Just for my piece of mind.
If it will make you
feel better I will.
Keep your head up high
at the office tomorrow.
Call me if you need me.
And listen. things are gonna
sort themselves out. okay?
Don't worry.
I hope so.
Love you.
Hey.
What did you do to Nicole?
Nicole:
So I guess you heard
what happened.
For what it's worth. I
think it's totally B. S.
that they're firing you.
especially considering
the circumstances
with Kyle and everything.
Thanks. Lisa.
So what are you
gonna do next?
Nicole:
You know. it's been
a really long time
since I have not had a plan.
I think I'm gonna take some
time and think about life.
Well. if you need a
character reference.
just let me know.
I appreciate that. thanks.
Oh.
I remembered why your boyfriend
looked so familiar to me.
Ex‐boyfriend. but why?
Lisa:
He looked just like this
guy my friend used to date.
but that guy's
name was Todd.
Your guy's definitely
Michael. right?
Yeah. Michael.
Thank God.
because my friend had to get a
restraining order from this guy.
He started stalking her.
showing up everywhere.
It was crazy.
That sounds horrifying.
Yeah.
Those guys could
be twins though.
Anyway.
take care.
Good luck with everything.
Don't be a stranger.
Yeah.
Hey. Nicole.
Jesus! Michael!
I'm sorry. I‐I didn't
mean to scare you.
Nicole:
What are you doing here?
Are you following me?
No. no. I just‐
I just came by
to give you this.
Nicole:
What is this?
I thought I was clear we're
not getting back together.
Yeah. that's your‐your key.
the key you gave me.
I'm giving it back to you.
Michael. I'm so sorry.
I just‐
I've been exhausted
and things have been.
well. kinda crazy.
I appreciate you
returning this.
Thank you.
Yeah. You know. I just wanted
to do something nice for you
since you lost your job.
Wait. how do you even
know about that?
Oh. yeah. um‐
Nicole:
Oh my god!
You know. I've been
trying to give you the
benefit of the doubt.
I've even been defending you.
But Ange was right.
you're a creep!
And you need to stop following
me and leave me alone!
Angela said I was a creep?
Yes and she's right!
Now just leave me
alone. please!
All right.
I'm sorry. Hiring M:
but nobody named Michael Langdon
ever worked here.
Are you sure?
Tall. killer smile.
looks like a supermodel?
Hiring Manager:
Hm. I think you're talking
about Todd Langdon.
but we had to fire him after he
stalked one of our assistants.
Even broke into
her apartment.
Why would our company
even hire someone like that?
Hiring Manager:
Well. if it's Todd.
I'd be checking to
see if they did.
Okay. thanks.
Ben:
Padma.
I'm looking for Angela.
Do you know where
I might find her?
I think she went home because
of a babysitting emergency.
Well. would you let her know
that this new
strategist. Michael.
that she asked
about transferring.
I have no idea who
she's talking about
and he's not on the payroll.
Are you sure?
Ben:
Yeah. Tell her to give
me a call when she can.
and we'll get to
the bottom of this.
Thanks.
Rod:
Hey. Nicole.
Hey. Rod.
Uh‐
You got a minute?
Rod:
Yeah. sure.
What's up?
Are you okay?
This is gonna sound
a little crazy.
but you know Michael.
my ex?
Rod:
Yeah. yeah. of course.
He seemed like a
pretty cool guy.
I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Well. actually.
he's having a hard time
getting over the breakup.
And honestly. he's freaking
me out a little bit.
Can you just keep an eye
out for me around here?
Yikes. absolutely.
yeah. of course.
Thanks.
I appreciate it.
And I'm getting these locks
changed first thing tomorrow.
He got his stuff okay
the other night. right?
What do you mean?
Rod:
Well the night before last.
when you were working late.
he was here picking
up some things.
Okay.
Michael.
Todd Langdon.
Oh my god.
Come on. Angela.
Pick up.
Pick up. pick up.
pick up. pick up.
Padma. What's up?
Is everything okay?
Padma:
No. Rick. Michael's
not who he says he is!
I have a very bad feeling!
You need to be with
Angela right now!
Just tell her to stay at
the office til I get there.
She got your email.
she already left!
What?
What email?
The email you sent
saying your mom was sick.
No. Padma. I never
sent an email!
I'm gonna call the police!
Come on. pick up.
Come on.
Come on. Angela.
Answer the damn phone!
Come on.
Hey. Nicole.
How's it going?
Nicole:
Why are you answering
my sister's phone?
Let me speak to
Angela right now!
I believe she's
indisposed at the moment.
but if you want to see
your sister alive.
you'll get in your car
and you'll come join us.
No police or she's dead.
you got it?
Nicole:
Please do not hurt her.
I'll do whatever you ask.
This is between you and me.
I'll text you the coordinates.
Damn it!
God!
Angela?
Mom?
Mom:
Over here. dear.
Is Angela with you?
No. she's not home
from work yet.
Lock the door and don't
open it until I get back.
Mom: What do you mean?
‐Just lock the door!
Hello?
Angela?
What did you do to her?
Relax.
She's alive.
Nicole:
What did you give her?
She's pregnant!
That's the least of
her worries right now.
What is this place?
Do you live here?
Yeah. it's a bit
of a fixer upper.
I like to call it my
cabin in the city.
You would know that if
you made time for us.
Why did you bring us here?
What are you gonna do?
I'm not gonna do anything
to you.
I love you.
The Cleo Awards?
From last year?
But that was before
I even met you.
It's the first night
I ever laid eyes on you.
You were the most
beautiful thing I ever saw.
It was love at first sight.
Nicole:
But you didn't approach me.
ask me out?
Instead you decided
to wait and stalk me?
Stalk you?
It wasn't hard to find
Angela from the event photos.
So you got a job with her
company just to get to me?
Technically. I
didn't get a job.
Nicole:
Oh. so you didn't
even work there.
You really are sick.
I was gonna come up with an
excuse to resign after we met.
It just felt so good
to be working again.
Have somebody as
brilliant as Angela
appreciate my ideas.
I thought at the very
least I'd be able to
leverage it into
a job reference.
And now what. you're
gonna get rid of us?
Michael:
Get rid of you?
Nicole‐
I love you.
I would never hurt you.
But there's no telling
what I would do to anybody
who stands between
you and me.
Michael if you really love me.
you will not hurt Angela.
She is poisoning
you against me.
She's got you thinking
I'm creepy and dangerous.
Who knows how
many other people
she's trying to
turn against me?
That's why we gotta
get outta here.
Mya MacIntosh.
You like the photo?
I feel like I chose
the best one.
Here. take it.
take a look.
You want us to
leave the country?
Michael:
Yeah.
You really believe
you can pull this off.
I sold everything I own!
My condo. my car.
my damn Rolex!
I liked that watch!
After I sell this building.
which I can do outside
of the country.
we'll have more than
enough to live on
for a long time. Nicole.
And Angela?
Oh. that's gonna be
a little complicated
to bring her along with us.
I'm not going
without Angela.
Nicole‐
this is only gonna work if
you're a willing participant.
all right?
That's always been the
problem in our relationship.
It's always gotta
be about you.
I need you to be on my
team right now. okay?
You're right. Michael.
I have been selfish
and insensitive.
but you don't have
to hide anymore.
because I've been denying
my feelings for you.
You have?
Nicole:
Yes.
Honestly. I'm‐
I'm glad you
sabotaged the trial.
I'm grateful I lost
the job because
now that I've had some
distance from it.
I can see what I
really needed.
You've shown me that love is
more important than anything.
See. that's what I've
been saying.
You're finally
seeing it my way?
Now I can focus all
my energy on you and us.
Michael:
Okay. but what about Angela?
Because. you know. she‐
If somebody asks
her what happened.
they're gonna come
looking for me.
No. Michael.
Angela will never get in
the way of my happiness.
She always has my back.
Remember. it was her
idea to set us up.
Yeah that's true.
she did‐
Oh my god. oh my god.
oh my god!
Are you okay?
‐Yes.
Oh. he's moving. he's moving.
he's moving!
You're not going anywhere.
Michael‐
Please listen to me.
Put the gun down.
What are you gonna do.
you gonna shoot me?
Put the gun down. Michael!
I thought you
loved me. Nicole.
I still love you.
Angela.
We made a good team.
Rick:
It's okay.
It's all over.
Angela:
How?
Child:
Wait. where are you going?
To kick it.
Nice kick.
Girl:
You don't know
how to kick it!
Let's see.
Oh!
You are the best
auntie ever!
Thank you so much.
I love it!
Well. he's just the
cutest baby ever!
Aren't you. sweetheart?
Say. "Thank you. Auntie!"
Listen. this is about you.
this whole party.
You are the one
with the new job.
Kyle:
I still can't believe
you're not gonna be
my work wife anymore.
And that you're leaving
me for that guy.
Nicole:
Hey!
He's a touch on
the mature side.
But seriously though.
Are you sure we can't
entice you to come back?
I'm sure you could squeeze
Glenn for a lot more money.
He feels really bad
about everything.
I think it's time for a change.
but thank you.
Who's that guy?
Hi.
‐ Hi.
I'm Michael.
Rick.
Yeah. I‐I work with Joe.
Rick:
Oh. okay. okay.
Angela:
Look. I didn't do it.
I didn't invite him.
I swear. my set
up days are over.
Nicole:
Okay.